Configuration Checker (#391)
stargate-protocol/stargate-v2: packages/stg-evm-sdk-v2/README.md

Reviewer: I would add each step command as script on the `package.json` for simplicity

Author: Great idea, will do!

Author: Thanks for flagging, I think I had these installed in my node_modules but they were accidentally removed from package.json

## Error Handling
The SDK also provides an `errors.json` file generated during the `build` phase to support parsing and handling errors returned by Stargate contracts.

## To run stargate deployment and configuration checker

1. Add `RPC_URL_MAINNET` to `.env` file and set it to be the LZ proxy RPC URL
2. Generate typechain

>     - Navigate to `src/stargate-contracts` and run `node typechainConfig.js`. Then navigate to `src/protocol-contracts` and run the same command. Then navigate to `src/openzeppelin-contracts` and run the same command.

Reviewer: needed to add `"@openzeppelin/contracts"` dependency in the `package.json` beause it was failing

3. If adding a new chain to the configuration checker:

        a. Ensure new deployment files for that chain exist in `deployments/`
        

>         b. Update `stargateV2ChainNamesPerEnvironment` in `src/stargate-contracts/supportedChains.ts` to include the new chain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        b. Update `stargateV2ChainNamesPerEnvironment` in `src/common-utils/supportedChains.ts` to include the new chain
```

Reviewer: Awesome, yes, I need to work on refactoring also testnet to follow the same structure, once that is done, we could do the same here
